README.md, before:

# 2048 Game

A modern implementation of the classic 2048 puzzle game, built with React, TypeScript, and modern web technologies.

## Screenshots

![Gameplay Screenshot 1](./assets/gameplay.png)
![Gameplay Screenshot 2](./assets/gameplay1.png)

## Play Now

Visit [2048 Game](https://2048.araza.me) to play online!

## Features

- 🎯 Classic 2048 gameplay mechanics
- 📱 Responsive design for all devices
- 🎨 Smooth animations and transitions
- 🔄 Touch and keyboard controls
- 💾 Score tracking
- 🌈 Modern UI with Styled Components

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend Framework:** React
- **Language:** TypeScript
- **State Management:** Redux Toolkit
- **Styling:** Styled Components
- **Animations:** Framer Motion
- **Build Tool:** Vite

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/2048.git
   cd 2048
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   # or
   yarn
   ```

3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   # or
   yarn dev
   ```

4. Open [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) in your browser

## 🎯 How to Play

1. Use arrow keys (↑ ↓ ← →) or swipe gestures to move tiles
2. Tiles with the same number merge when they collide
3. Create a tile with the number 2048 to win!
4. Game over when no more moves are possible

## 🔧 Controls

- **Desktop:** Arrow keys
- **Mobile:** Swipe gestures
- **New Game:** Click/tap "New Game" button

## 📱 Mobile Support

The game is fully responsive and supports:
- Touch gestures for tile movement
- Mobile-optimized layout
- Smooth animations on mobile devices

## 🎨 Customization

The game uses a theme system for easy customization:
- Color schemes
- Tile sizes
- Animation parameters
- Responsive breakpoints

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Original 2048 game by Gabriele Cirulli
- React and TypeScript communities
- All contributors and users

## 🔗 Links

- [Original 2048 Game](https://play2048.co/)
- [React Documentation](https://reactjs.org/)
- [TypeScript Documentation](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)

---

Made with ❤️ by [Your Name]

Commit message:

docs: add proper attribution and license
- Credit original game creator Gabriele Cirulli
- Add MIT License file
- Update project description
- Clarify this is a reimplementation

This ensures proper attribution and licensing

README.md, after:

# 2048 Game

A modern React implementation of the classic 2048 puzzle game. This is a reimagined version of the original game created by Gabriele Cirulli, built with modern web technologies.

## Screenshots

![Gameplay Screenshot 1](./assets/gameplay.png)
![Gameplay Screenshot 2](./assets/gameplay1.png)

## Play Now

Visit [2048 Game](https://2048.araza.me) to play online!

## Features

- 🎯 Classic 2048 gameplay mechanics
- 📱 Responsive design for all devices
- 🎨 Smooth animations and transitions
- 🔄 Touch and keyboard controls
- 💾 Score tracking
- 🌈 Modern UI with Styled Components

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend Framework:** React
- **Language:** TypeScript
- **State Management:** Redux Toolkit
- **Styling:** Styled Components
- **Animations:** Framer Motion
- **Build Tool:** Vite

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/2048.git
   cd 2048
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   # or
   yarn
   ```

3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   # or
   yarn dev
   ```

4. Open [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) in your browser

## 🎯 How to Play

1. Use arrow keys (↑ ↓ ← →) or swipe gestures to move tiles
2. Tiles with the same number merge when they collide
3. Create a tile with the number 2048 to win!
4. Game over when no more moves are possible

## 🔧 Controls

- **Desktop:** Arrow keys
- **Mobile:** Swipe gestures
- **New Game:** Click/tap "New Game" button

## 📱 Mobile Support

The game is fully responsive and supports:
- Touch gestures for tile movement
- Mobile-optimized layout
- Smooth animations on mobile devices

## 🎨 Customization

The game uses a theme system for easy customization:
- Color schemes
- Tile sizes
- Animation parameters
- Responsive breakpoints

## Credits

This game is a reimplementation of [2048 by Gabriele Cirulli](https://github.com/gabrielecirulli/2048). The original game is also open source and available under the MIT License.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Original 2048 game by Gabriele Cirulli
- React and TypeScript communities
- All contributors and users

## 🔗 Links

- [Original 2048 Game](https://play2048.co/)
- [React Documentation](https://reactjs.org/)
- [TypeScript Documentation](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)

---

Made with ❤️ by [Your Name]
